hey here is christian from update and
today you will see our test report
the wireless bluetooth headphones
rocks wireless from sabra before we leave
on the actual features and
let us have a look at features vox wireless
a quick look at and in the
throw packaging
the outer packaging consists of one
solid plastic box the way we like it
city ​​council want to be shatterproof stable
and valued within, we find the
headphones on a device
so they are placed from the outside
are very well recognizable
continues to be on the opposite
side a black box present in the
we find the accessories
among other things, tatra dws delivers essays
for the audition with a guide
with instructions or one
Help with the first establishment
We also have an individual
code for the stairs rapidly from a micro
USB cable a transport bag and
so-called rings with the latter can
the wearing comfort of the headphones again
increase
but I will go the same one again
The jobs are at first and second
look very taller than comparable ones
competitive products but what
surprisingly do not wear
Striking the actual housing is to
large part made of aluminum
accordingly very valuable and with 910
gramm also very easy in the left
housing we find among other things one
LED display the information about us
the static headphones are there and the
possibilities to load headphones
Just run back the lid and
via micro USB cable and the pc mac
or notebook
within 25 hours are the
headphones loaded at 100 percent
In addition, the headphones are small
magnets are installed so that they are together
can be plugged
This turns the headphones into the
standby added what by the
flashing the led is shown chakra
gives a standby time of up to 18
days
if you disconnect the headphones so the flashing
led green again and are back
ready for use
The audio cable is flat web based
made by knotted
and, moreover, kessler reinforced on the
on the right side of the band we find the
Remote control, on the one hand the nfc chip
has overseen to another
There are three buttons for each button
provided with several features over the
not only the quieter key can do it
be regulated volume
once the user has two seconds up
the corresponding key is pressed
title forward or back there are with the
middle button so the multifunction
button can the user calls
receive or invite
happen or continue
here if it were now only a
Overall, the small listing can be
User 11 function with all buttons
To run
but before you get the box because it is in full
You can use the headset
first with your smartphone or tablet
be coupled if the device over
nfc you have only the
remote control to the back of your
keep smartphones and after a few
in seconds both devices are paired
Alternatively you can use the headset
bluetooth connect to that and the
Press the function key five seconds and
looking for the headphones through the smartphone
finished the most important thing with headphones
are the sound and the
wearing properties allow the rox
should wireless sit properly the
Try some essays with them
sit well in the auditory canal and not
slip out best you catch it
with the middle on
In addition, offers about the possibility
to equip the rox wireless with ios
By the way, small rubber wings are the
related to the actual stud earrings
will sit by the curved wing
the celebration of the perfect in the ear and
slip even with strong
Do not shake the sound of the head
box was is very good both
in the middle as well as in the heights come clear and
strong over the pass must the user
However, accept cuts
Here I would be due to the big ones
design is expected a bit more but it is
OK
Alternatively, the use is recommended
an equalizer sum in the middle or
has better offers to vote
also a own sound app to the music
can go out of local folders again
local does not mean of spotify too
not offline but really only music
the one on the smartphone is the one
Operation is very easy music at over
the title of the one in Brittany or also
the old ones are visited
Furthermore, there is the possibility dolby
turn on and the music playback
to adjust via an equalizer
altogether opera mini rocks offers
It's a great overall package, too
the headphones with around 130 euros
slammed by the sound are the
things really great and especially for
the sport suitable
reason of the bluetooth characteristics tree
and no annoying cable on the body round
and the service can be so 100 on the
remote control be made
Personally, I'm missing something different
however, by an equalizer something
can be compensated
Currently the checkbox is mine
first choice when jogging respectively
doing sport
that's it with the test of chip socs
Thank you so much for your wireless
I was natural
happy if they subscribe to our channel
or a comment too
Leaving the video makes it good